will show some other points somewhere in
the board and it will try to explore how
the model score turns out to be for a
different configuration so that's what
explore is so to do this there are
various techniques such as the expected
Improvement method or the upper
confidence bound method you can use to
use as the acquisition function so this
will essentially guide how the model or
how the algorithm is searching for the
next iterate next configuration of the
hyperparameter so once the next
iteration or configuration is chosen we
will use again the surrogate model in
this step to evaluate the newly chosen
configuration right so we will evaluate
it find the score again score or the
objective function again and then use
that newly found information and store
it back into the surrogate model again
so this process that is steps two and
three these will go on until the
optimization or objective function does
not improve anymore or the number of
iterations that the user has set has